Have you ever been affected by evil eye?
And what does evil eye mean to you?
>> Traditional healers would tell people to
sexually assault a child.
What's something you pretend to care
about but actually don't? Someone I know
who has my number, who I've spoken to,
I've done a video with, goes public
about me, attacks me, and then takes the
side of an enemy who's ripping the
Quran.
>> [sighs]
>> There was a community that I was in that
decided that I was a deviant, conspired
to bring me down. No, I have to be
careful. No, because I don't want to
attract the evil eye. What's something
about you that would shock your
followers? Who do you feel secretly
competes with you?
Well, outside was cold, but we just
realized that in Nima is minus 70°.
Let's play a game.
As-salamu alaykum warahmatullahi
wabarakatuh, brothers and sisters and
dear friends. Welcome to the Let's Play
a Game podcast, brothers and sisters.
So, on the show, we have guests from all
around the world and from all kind of
backgrounds, cultures, and religions.
The game consists of, brothers and
sisters, cards. So, these cards, as you
can see, are a red card, as you can see
with a heart and a key lock, a white
card with a question mark,
a black card with a key,
and a
card with an S, which is symbolizes
sadaqah. The red cards, brothers and
sisters, are more intimate and personal
questions that would make our guests a
little bit uncomfortable and on the
edge. The white cards are more generic
questions, finally, just to get to know
them a bit better.
The black cards are pertaining to the
unseen, magic, evil eye, and horror
stories, which would scare some. And the
sadaqah card is, obviously, to encourage
our guests to do sadaqah if they feel
uncomfortable asking one of the
questions or answering them, they can
pick a sadaqah card, which will
encourage them to help teach people how
to pray salah with our charity Salah
Pro. Embark on this journey with me,
brothers and sisters. It's going to be
intriguing, exciting, and my guests are
going to be on the edge. So, now, let's
play a game. We have an amazing esteemed
guest, which is Sister Nima B. Robert.
As-salamu alaykum. Wa alaykumu s-salam.
How you doing? Alhamdulillah.
Alhamdulillah. I'm good so far. Good,
good. You're always energetic.
>> Let's see how it goes.
>> Yes, yes. And I just want to give credit
to Sister Nima because this show we've
been developing it for about good 3 4
months. We put it on the back burner.
And I invited her and she's like,
"Let's do the Let's Play a Game show
that you've been talking about." And I
thought, "You know what? Nothing's
ready. The sign wasn't ready. The cards
wasn't ready. Nothing was even these
were not ready." And I thought, "You
know what? Sometimes when I put my mind
into something, alhamdulillah, and all
praise belongs to Allah, we got it done
just on time." And she's our first
guest.
So, yes, welcome to Let's Play a Game.
Bismillah. Inshallah, are you ready? I
don't know. Okay. Ready as I'll ever be,
I think. That's what they say.
>> Inshallah, inshallah. So, what I'm going
to do is this. So, basically, I'm going
to give you 10 of the red cards. I'm
going to give you four of the black
cards. And I'm going to give you 10 of
the white cards. Okay. You have,
obviously, nobody can see the questions.
Anytime you want to answer one of the
questions, you can slide the card to me
and I would read it out.
>> Okay. Yeah?
Out of those red cards, which are
personal,
you can forgo
four. Okay. So, you can say four I don't
want to answer. You put it face down on
the table. Okay. And we will come to
what happens next.
>> [clears throat]
>> So, for example, if there is a question
in one of the red ones you don't want to
answer, you will have to pick a sadaqah
card. Right.
>> And the sadaqah card is, obviously,
to get you to do some righteous deeds.
It's to help teach someone how to pray
salah physically yourself Okay. or
sponsor someone.
As you know, cuz the show is sponsored
by the Salah Pro, alhamdulillah.
So, yeah. And
the four cards that you put down that
you don't want to answer,
you have to reveal one to us. Okay.
Now,
I have that amazing job of doing that
for you.
I can be cold and ruthless sometimes.
>> Okay. However, if you call a friend that
you know, Mhm. you can call them on
WhatsApp. Mhm. If they answer, Mhm. you
will read out the card to them. The
audience can't hear it.
>> Right. And they will pick which one you
have to reveal. Okay. If they don't pick
up the phone, Mhm. it comes back to me.
Okay.
While I'm picking the card that you need
to answer, if your phone if your friend
calls back, Right. I'll put the card
back down. Okay. Yes? And out of those
red cards, you can
one of them you can choose to shift it
back on me and say, "I want you to
answer."
>> So, yeah. Let's get straight into
inshallah. I hope you are ready.
Bismillah. I know you've been very
curious about, you know, this. So, yeah,
I'm going to give you 10 of these cards.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
All righty.
Well, we're waiting on you. So,
okay, good. Yes, whichever card you just
put it down, give it to me and I would.
Okay.
Okay, interesting.
Just a quick break on the podcast,
brothers and sisters. As you guys know,
at Salah Pro, we are teaching thousands
of people to learn how to pray salah
through our one-to-one salah
instructors, through 150,000 mats that
we printed in six, seven different
languages that we distribute to da'wah
tables, to prisons, to mosques, to
hospitals, to schools. And subhanallah,
we have our salah hubs that we open
across
the world. Alhamdulillah, we've got the
Salah Pro app. And we could not do this
without Allah subhana wa ta'ala and
thanks to your amazing donations. If you
would like to teach someone to learn how
to pray salah, brothers and sisters, go
to the link there, inshallah. 100 pounds
will teach 20 to 60 people to learn how
to pray salah, learn Surah Fatiha, learn
how to do wudu, inshallah. Let's get
back to the podcast. Enjoy, inshallah,
but do go and check that link and donate
whatever you can. Okay.
When do you feel the most confident?
Um, I would probably say that I feel the
most confident, funnily enough, when I'm
on stage or when I'm coaching. Really?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh, that's like my happy
place, I think. Public speaking is
something I always did from
>> Really? from quite young. So, yeah.
Yeah.
>> you know, I'm the opposite. Really?
>> know I get this mad nervousness?
>> Really?
>> I've I've actually had moments like,
genuine, I do I do my adhkar. I do like
the the the speech of Musa alayhi
s-salam. Um, but when I go on stage,
there's it always happens in most of the
times, I have a moment where my mind
goes blank.
>> Blank. And I lit- literally, I freeze
and then I go,
um,
and I'm just there and then I I start
sweating.
But I I genuinely Allah always comes to
my rescue, though. It's always like
Allah comes and then I'm like, "Okay,
I'm back on track." Or or sometimes I I
just make a joke. Or I just I just I'll
pick on someone in the audience and be
like, "Brother, why are you looking at
me like that?" Or something like that.
And it just buys me time. So,
subhanallah, that's very interesting.
So, that's the most you're confident.
You need to give me some tips. Uh, yeah.
Um, I mean, like I said, I've been doing
it for a long time. I think it's my
personality. But thing Another Another
time that I feel most confident when I'm
speaking to my dad, actually. Masha
Allah. Because I think I've I know my
dad very well and we get along really
well. Masha Allah.
>> So, now that he's sort of losing his
memory slightly, he he struggles to
finish his sentence. Oh. And 80% of the
time I can finish his sentence and and
it's what he was looking for, you know?
>> that's amazing cuz that shows you have a
really nice relationship with him,
subhanallah. Yes. How's How's That's my
answer. Masha Allah. Yeah. Your your
your father and your mother? Uh, no, my
mother passed away a long time ago. But
anyway, it wouldn't apply to her. It
applies specifically to my dad.
Can I ask you a question? Cuz,
obviously, this we're getting to know
you personally. What's one thing you
love about your dad? My dad, he's so
clever. Masha Allah.
>> He's literally the most intelligent man
that I've ever ever met, the most
well-read.
Uh, just, you know, just the amount
sheer amount of knowledge that he has,
having been, you know, he's 82 now.
And he was got a PhD and he just reads
copious amounts. So, I think that's one
of the things uh, that I that I really
really just admire him for. I just think
he's a really admirable man, masha
Allah. Yeah. Masha Allah. Yeah. If I was
to ask you that, if your dad was here,
if I was to ask him, "What is one thing
you love about your daughter?" What do
you think he would say? He would say
that she is love. Oh, wow. Yeah. That's
cuz my my born name My born Yeah, my
born name means love in Zulu. So, um, I
think that's what he would say.
>> What's What's What's it mean? Tando. The
The name is Tando. Tando means love. Oh,
wow.
>> Yeah. So, so I think that's
[clears throat] what he would say. Masha
Allah. Amazing. Okay.
>> We'll show this to him and then we'll
check. Yeah, yeah, yeah, inshallah,
inshallah. All right, next one.
Okay.
Okay. Here you go.
Okay, she's picked another white card.
So, it looks like I think you're one of
the type, you know, you do you eat your
burger first or your chips? So, you're
the you're the chips and then you come
to the burger. I eat my burger with
chips first. I like both together. I
think it's weird when people do that.
Yeah, cuz my kids, they eat the chips
first, I think, and then the burger. I'm
like, "What are you doing? No, you have
to have a bit of this and a bit of that
and a bit of this." Don't worry, I'm
coming to the other one.
Yeah, no, they're coming. They're
coming. Okay, [laughter] okay. So, here.
Okay, so there's another white card. It
says, "What does home mean to you?"
Home is where all my children are.
That's what it means, quite frankly. All
five of my kids, wherever we are, in
whichever country, if you're in a house,
in a flat, in a car, wherever we are, if
I have all five of my kids together,
that's home. Masha Allah. Do you have a
favorite child?
>> [laughter]
>> No, I don't, actually. And they always
ask me because each one of them thinks
that either they think that they're the
favorite or they think someone else is
the favorite. So, every one of them, if
you ask them, like, "Who's your mom's
favorite?" They'll say, "I know it's me.
It's me." And I'm like, "No, you're not.
No, you're not." Uh, no, I don't have a
favorite. I But there there are some
kids that I get along with better,
mainly because our personalities match
more, but not because they're my
favorite.
That's my answer and I'm sticking to it.
Oh, you're going for the red. Let's see.
Oh, she's I need to think of the answer,
really.
Oh, there you go. So, Sister Nima has
picked the red card.
So, she's doing It looks like she's
doing two white, one red. Maybe that's a
pattern. She did say she likes her chips
and